README.md, before:

# quadrotor-vtol

This project is a quadrotor simulation built on top of the UCSC ECE163 UAV Modeling and Control GUI by Maxwell Dunne and Gabe Elkaim. The simulation models the aerodynamics of an idealized X-4 Flyer II, based on the work of Pounds et al. (cited at the bottom).

## Features

- Flight Dynamics: Implements a simulation of the X-4 Flyer II quadrotor, including realistic aerodynamics.
- Graphical User Interface: Uses the UCSC ECE163 UAV Modeling and Control GUI for visualization and interaction.
- Flight Control System: A control system has been implemented, but it is currently non-functional.

## Usage

Clone the repository. Install necessary dependencies and run:

```bash
python .\QuadrotorSimulate.py
```

## Citations

```
@article{
    author = {P. Pounds and R. Mahony and P. Corke},
    title = {Modelling and control of a large quadrotor robot},
    journal = {Control Engineering Practice},
    volume = {18},
    number = {7},
    pages = {691--699},
    year = {2010}
}
```

Commit message:

Added content to README and landing mode

README.md, after:

# quadrotor-vtol

This project is a quadrotor simulation built on top of the UCSC ECE163 UAV Modeling and Control GUI by Maxwell Dunne and Gabe Elkaim. The simulation models the aerodynamics of an idealized X-4 Flyer II, based on the work of Pounds et al. (cited at the bottom).

## Features

- Flight Dynamics: Implements a simulation of the X-4 Flyer II quadrotor, including realistic aerodynamics.
- Graphical User Interface: Uses the UCSC ECE163 UAV Modeling and Control GUI for visualization and interaction.
- Flight Control System: A control system has been implemented, but it is currently non-functional.

## Usage

Clone the repository. Install necessary dependencies and run:

```bash
python .\QuadrotorSimulate.py
```

Enter number indicated for each test (1 for take off, 2 for hover, 3 for landing, 4 for complete test)
0. Free Mode - This puts the quadcopter in a state that allows for manual adjustment of each motor of the quadcopter.
1. Take Off - The quadrotor will take off from ground and climb vertically upwards until controls give out.
2. Hover - Starting at a preset height, the quadrotor will maintain level flight within 0.1m.
3. Landing - Starting at a preset height, the quadrotor will descend and slow closer to the ground, then drop to the ground.
4. This combines taking off, hovering for several seconds, then landing (previous 3 modes). This is controlled via a state machine.

Once the mode has been selected, simply press the start button and watch the sim.

## Overview/State of Project

## Citations

```
@article{
    author = {P. Pounds and R. Mahony and P. Corke},
    title = {Modelling and control of a large quadrotor robot},
    journal = {Control Engineering Practice},
    volume = {18},
    number = {7},
    pages = {691--699},
    year = {2010}
}
```
